Companies will have direct access to the system via a login
The login will be distributed by the course coordinator to the company
The advert submission screen should be a structured template. It should be like a web form with fields to fill in. He envisages a table of skills that advertisers can select as required or desired -- possibly via check boxes
Would like the system to warn the advertiser if they leave the start date out or don’t give a clear indication

Normally for the established companies, a link to the application page of the company should be included in the description
The student only applies through the system if the company (usually small company) requests them to do so. These companies normally only take 1 or 2 students tops.
Some placements come from e-Placements and Club 21 and are re-advertised. The advert normally links the student back to where it was originally advertised.
Some adverts/applications are still handled by Club 21 and e-Placements
If the student needs to upload their CV to apply to a small company that uses the system to handle applications, they upload a base copy and are allowed to edit it to tailor it to the company they are applying for.

When a new advert is published, an email is sent to the student 
The system will not allow students to comment on adverts

Students notify of success in gaining an offer for an internship through the system
If a student notifies of success in gaining an offer from one of the advertised companies on the system, then this is automatically approved.
The adverts will be left up and not taken down
The criteria of the notification the student gives: pay, how long, description of job and what you are doing (must be substantially SE/ESE based, depending on course). If the description involves Requirements Engineering and not actually coding, then this still counts as SE.
The system should ideally have no manuals/online help features/tutorials. It should be easy enough to use that it doesn’t require it.
The system should have a single point of entry for all users but should have different dashboard for different types of users after they log in.
The system should automatically enroll SE/ESE students to the system with a login. Other users will have to register to use the system.
Getting login details to the company could be done by email -- an email could be sent to the company with registration details and the course coordinator would approve the request for the company to be part of the system. 

